
SEQUEST(TM) BASICS

Your divers have retrieved the buried treasure, and now you must come to their
rescue.  The object of Seaquest is to retrieve as many treasure-divers as you
can, while dodging and blasting enemy subs and killer sharks.  All before your
oxygen runs out!

1. Hook up your video game system.  Follow manufacturer's instructions.

2. With power OFF, plug in game cartridge.

3. Turn power ON.  If no picture appears, check connection of your game system
to TV, then repeat steps 1-3.

4. Plug in Joystick Controller/s (solo player uses left Joystick)

5. Set both difficulty switches to b to begin.  Switches in this position will
cause fast continuous fire from your submarine.  Set switches in a position
for slower continuous fire.

6. Select game with game select switch:

          Game 1                  Game 2
          One player              Two players taking turns

7. To start, press game reset.  This will position your sub on the waves, place
three reserver subs on the horizon and fill your oxygen tank.  The action
begins as soon as you submerge.

8. The Joystick Controller is held with the red button in the upper left
position.  Press the red button to fire torpedoes, hold it down for continuous 
fire.  Pull the Joystick back and you'll submerge; push it forward and you will
ascend.  Move the Joystick left or right to face your sub to the left or to
the right.  Push the Joystick to the left or right to move your sub in that
direction.

9. Rescue divers by cruising into them with your sub.  As soon as you have
retrieved your _sixth_ diver, you'll hear a quick beep.  Now surface and listen
to six gold ingots, worth valuable points, plunk onto your deck (see "Scoring").

10. Scoring.  When the game begins, every killer shark and enemy sub is worth
20 points.  Every time you surface with six divers, the value of enemy subs
and killer sharks increases by 10, up to a maximum of 90 points each.  Rescued
divers start at 50 points each.  Then, their point value increases by 50, every
time you surface, up to a maximum of 1000 points each.  Also, you'll be 
further rewarded with bonus points for all the oxygen you have remaining the
moment you surface.  The more oxygen you have left, the more bonus points
you're given.

Note to owners of Sears Tele-Games(R) Video Arcade(TM): Difficulty is called
skill, and a is expert, b is novice.

SPECIAL FEATURES OF SEAQUEST(TM) BY ACTIVISION(R)

Your Oxygen Gauge is at the bottom of the screen.  Whenever your sub is
underwater you'll be using up oxygen at a constant rate.  When the oxygen
tank is almost empty, a continuous beep alarm will sound and the alarm light
will flash.  you have _8_ seconds to surface for air!  If you don't surface in
time, your sub will blow up and you'll lose one diver.  Each time you're forced
to surface, with less than six divers, you lose one diver.  And, if you
surface with no divers on board, you'll lose your sub.

Killer Sharks and Enemy Subs are deadly.  If your sub collides with anything
except your own divers, your sub will explode.  And, the longer you're out
in the ocean, the rougher the seas become.  So after each round, take a 
breath - enemy subs and sharks will increase in speed.

The Enemy Patrol Sub will appear on the surface when you've rescued your second
group of six divers.  Avoid it.  If you collide, your sub will explode, and
you'll lose one diver.  While you are refilling your oxygen tank, the Patrol
Sub will move in on you.  Your sub cannot move away until its oxygen tank is
full.  So when you surface, do so as far from the Patrol Sub as possible!

You Have Reinforcement Submarines.  You start the game with four subs in your
fleet--one ready at sea-level and three waiting on the horizon.  Each time you
increase your score by 10,000 points, an extra sub will be delivered to your
base.  You can only have six reserve subs on the screen at one time.

GETTING THE FEEL OF SEAQUEST(TM) BY ACTIVISION(R)

Mastering the movement of your submarine will be your first and most important
duty.  Be careful not to oversteer!  "Steady as she goes" is a good rule for
beginners.  Also, practice "Silent Running" -- navigating your sub around
sharks and enemy subs without firing.  It takes skill to learn this technique,
but remember: your real mission is to rescue divers--they're worth the most
points!

JOIN THE ACTIVISION "SUB CLUB"

Once your sea legs are steady, you can propel yourself into the "Sub Club."
Reach a score of 50,000 points (or more) and you'll be eligible to join this
prestigious organization.  Just send us a picture of your TV screen with your
name and address and we'll present you with an official "Sub Club" emblem.

HOW TO JOIN THE SEQUEST(TM) "SUB CLUB"

Tips from Steve Cartwright, designer of Seaquest(TM).

Steve Cartwright is a Senior Designer of Activision(R).  Before creating
Seaquest(TM), Steve designed Barnstorming(TM) and MegaMania(TM) for Activision.

"As you'll quickly discover, you can't join the Sub Club overnight.  It takes
confidence, sharp aim, and lots of practice.  Also, here are a couple of
important pointers that should help.

"As soon as you've picked up your sixth diver, start watching out for the
Patrol Sub.  It's important to surface in the right spot, especially since
the Patrol Sub sails faster as the game progresses.

"And, every time you surface, you increase the game's level of difficulty.
So, keep your surfacing to a minimum, with one exception: when you've got five
divers aboard, and your oxygen's running low--surface to refill your oxygen
supply.  You'll lose one diver, but you can easily pick up two or more to
resurface and gain a lot of extra bonus points.

"Practice 'Silent Running'.  It's the best technique I know of to really learn
underwater navigation.

"And, next time you return to shore, drop me a note.  I'd love to hear your tall
tales from the high seas."

Steve Cartwright

Look for Activision video games wherever you buy video game cartridges.  Drop
us a note, and we'll gladly add your name to our mailing list and keep you
posted on new Activision game cartridges as they become available.

Activision
Activision, Inc.
Drawer No. 7287
Mountain View, CA 94042

Atari(R) and Video Computer System(TM) are trademarks of Atari, Inc.
Tele-Games(R) and Video Arcade(TM) are trademarks of Sears, Roebuck and Co.

(C) 1983 Activision AX-022-03 Printed in U.S.A.